making knees buckle me nikal you all
your knees hello to the pump yeah we're
deep down man these are sweet oh we're
guitar so I'm gonna faint see Scoob we
do what I trade you know what we would
be ready Mary talk mod do I make you
horny baby you should never put on tell
me your phone if you own speech I we go
let me get high like a phone line such a
cap roll baby it's show time is you and
me let's get it popping all the pot
right giant your panties drop it Topher
niggas in the rule me and Charles
popping down
all right oh okay ocala
I to be like me Halloween Stassi trick
want to fight superb our holidays all
right we got money we're walking away
Dino
police you gotta do hey hey hey
Paul river nigger I swear I'm achieve
standing on his throne white diamonds
only need and some work the moon ski
told me street team with a perfect moon
anything that'll work for you cuz niggas
haters on the zone don't sitting at the
table with the blow on Sid neck and crib
watchin table with a whole money long
like a man in Lester we call the jackpot
friday the major that's the black gloss
to the money's on a spinning brain in
money home I'm in a skillet be the one
only your honeycomb they call them shit
you meet ya yeah i mean i remember when
i was a dream ready for green team in
the Holy rabbeinu my magnetic red book
shut up for the whole raffinate just
fuck niggas haha step your game up hey
screams are you too oh yeah japonais to
green bra I got it in my bloodline homie
really did it nigga this ain't just my
punchline fourth-quarter joy moore hall
when it's crunch time and chuck is that
was the first in there
now look we all looks down yeah yeah
while River might sound sweet but we be
on the show so much already drowned
squeeze hole